This Privacy Policy of personal data (hereinafter - the Privacy Policy) applies to all information that the site COSMETOLOGY IN SHINE , (hereinafter - COSMETOLOGY IN SHINE) located on the domain name cosmetologyshine .com
    (as well as its subdomains) may receive information about the User while using the cosmetologyshine.com website
    (as well as its subdomains), its programs and its products.


1. Definition of terms

1.1 The following terms are used in this Privacy Policy:

1.1.1. " Site Administration " (hereinafter referred to as the Administration) - employees authorized to manage the site COSMETOLOGY TEL-AVIV , acting on behalf of COSMETOLOGY TEL-AVIV LLC, who organize and (or ) carry out the processing of personal data, and also determines the purposes of processing personal data, the composition of personal data to be processed, actions (operations) performed with personal data.

1.1.2. "Personal data" - any information relating directly or indirectly to a specific or identifiable individual (subject of personal data).

1.1.3. "Processing of personal data" - any action (operation) or a set of actions (operations) performed using automation tools or without using such tools with personal data, including collection, recording, systematization, accumulation, storage, clarification (update, change), extraction, use, transfer (distribution, provision, access), depersonalization, blocking, deletion, destruction of personal data.

1.1.4. "Confidentiality of personal data" is a mandatory requirement for the Operator or other person who has gained access to personal data to prevent their dissemination without the consent of the subject of personal data or other legal grounds.

1.1.5. "Site COSMETOLOGY TEL-AVIV " is a collection of interconnected web pages located on the Internet at a unique address (URL): cosmetologytelaviv.com , as well as its subdomains .

1.1.6. "Subdomains" are pages or a set of pages located on third-level domains belonging to the COSMETOLOGY TEL-AVIV website, as well as other temporary pages, at the bottom of which the contact information of the Administration is indicated

1.1.7. "User of the site COSMETOLOGY TEL-AVIV " (hereinafter the User) - a person who has access to the site COSMETOLOGY TEL-AVIV via the Internet and uses the information, materials and products of the site < strong> COSMETOLOGY TEL-AVIV .

1.1.8. "Cookies" is a small piece of data sent by a web server and stored on the user's computer, which the web client or web browser sends to the web server each time in an HTTP request when trying to open the page of the corresponding site.

1.1.9. "IP-address" is a unique network address of a node in a computer network through which the User gains access to COSMETOLOGY TEL-AVIV.

1.1.10. "Product" - a product that the User orders on the site and pays for through payment systems.


2. General provisions

2.1. Use of the COSMETOLOGY TEL-AVIV website by the User means acceptance of this Privacy Policy and the terms of processing of the User's personal data.

2.2. In case of disagreement with the terms of the Privacy Policy, the User must stop using the COSMETOLOGY TEL-AVIV website.

2.3. This Privacy Policy applies to the COSMETOLOGY TEL-AVIV website. COSMETOLOGY TEL-AVIV does not control and is not responsible for third-party sites to which the User can follow the links available on the COSMETOLOGY TEL-AVIV website.

2.4. The administration does not verify the accuracy of the personal data provided by the User.


3. Privacy Policy Subject

3.1. This Privacy Policy establishes the obligations of the Administration for non-disclosure and ensuring the protection of the confidentiality of personal data that the User provides at the request of the Administration when registering on the COSMETOLOGY TEL-AVIV website, when subscribing to an e-mail newsletter or when placing an order.

3.2. Personal data permitted for processing under this Privacy Policy is provided by the User by filling out forms on the COSMETOLOGY TEL-AVIV website and includes the following information:

3.2.1. surname, name, patronymic of the User;

3.2.2. User's contact phone number;

3.2.3. email address (e-mail)

3.2.4. place of residence of the User (if necessary)

3.2.5. delivery address of the Goods (if necessary)

3.2.6. photo (if necessary).

3.3. COSMETOLOGY TEL-AVIV protects Data that is automatically transmitted when visiting pages:

- IP address;

- information from cookies;

- information about the browser

- access time;

- referrer (address of the previous page).

3.3.1. Disabling cookies may result in the inability to access parts of the site that require authorization.

3.3.2. COSMETOLOGY TEL-AVIV collects statistics on the IP addresses of its visitors. This information is used to prevent, detect and solve technical problems.

3.4. Any other personal information not specified above (visit history, browsers used, operating systems, etc.) is subject to secure storage and non-proliferation, except as provided in cl. 5.2. and 5.3. of this Privacy Policy.

4. Purpose of collecting personal user information

4.1. The Administration may use the User's personal data for the following purposes:

4.1.1. Identification of the User registered on the COSMETOLOGY TEL-AVIV website for further authorization, ordering and other actions.

4.1.2. Providing the User with access to personalized data of the COSMETOLOGY TEL-AVIV website.

4.1.3. Establishing feedback with the User, including sending notifications, requests regarding the use of the COSMETOLOGY TEL-AVIV website, providing services and processing requests and applications from the User.

4.1.4. Determining the location of the User to ensure security, prevent fraud.

4.1.5. Confirmation of the accuracy and completeness of personal data provided by the User.

4.1.6. Creating an account for using parts of the COSMETOLOGY TEL-AVIV website, if the User has agreed to create an account.

4.1.7. User notifications by e-mail.

4.1.8. Providing the User with effective technical support in case of problems related to the use of the COSMETOLOGY TEL-AVIV website.

4.1.9. Providing the User, with his consent, of special offers, information on prices, newsletters and other information on behalf of the COSMETOLOGY TEL-AVIV website.

4.1.10. Implementation of advertising activities with the consent of the User.


5. Methods and terms of processing personal information

5.1. The processing of the User's personal data is carried out without any time limit, in any legal way, including in personal data information systems using automation tools or without using such tools.

5.2. The User agrees that the Administration has the right to transfer personal data to third parties, in particular, courier services, postal organizations (including electronic), telecommunication operators, solely for the purpose of fulfilling the User's order placed on the COSMETOLOGY TEL-AVIV website, including delivery Product, documentation or e-mail messages.

5.3. The User's personal data can be transferred to the authorized bodies of state power of the Russian Federation only on the grounds and in the manner established by the legislation of the Russian Federation.

5.4. In case of loss or disclosure of personal data, the Administration has the right not to inform the User about the loss or disclosure of personal data.

5.5. The administration takes the necessary organizational and technical measures to protect the User's personal information from unauthorized or accidental access, destruction, modification, blocking, copying, distribution, as well as from other illegal actions of third parties.

5.6. The Administration, together with the User, takes all necessary measures to prevent losses or other negative consequences caused by the loss or disclosure of the User's personal data.


6. Rights and obligations of the parties

6.1. The user has the right:

6.1.1. Make a free decision to provide your personal data necessary for using the COSMETOLOGY TEL-AVIV website, and consent to their processing.

6.1.2. Update, supplement the provided information about personal data in case of changes in this information.

6.1.3. The user has the right to receive information from the Administration regarding the processing of his personal data, if such a right is not limited in accordance with federal laws. The user has the right to demand from the Administration clarification of his personal data, their blocking or destruction if the personal data is incomplete, outdated, inaccurate, illegally obtained or not necessary for the stated purpose of processing, as well as take measures provided for by law to protect their rights. < / p>

6.2. The administration is obliged:

6.2.1. Use the information received solely for the purposes specified in clause 4 of this Privacy Policy.

6.2.2. Ensure the storage of confidential information in secret, do not disclose without the prior written permission of the User, and also do not sell, exchange, publish, or disclose in other possible ways the transferred personal data of the User, with the exception of cl. 5.2 and 5.3. of this Privacy Policy.

6.2.3. Take precautions to protect the confidentiality of the User's personal data in accordance with the procedure usually used to protect this kind of information in the existing business.

6.2.4. Block personal data related to the relevant User from the moment of contact or request of the User, or his legal representative or an authorized body for the protection of the rights of subjects of personal data for the period of verification, in case of revealing inaccurate personal data or illegal actions.


7. Responsibilities of the parties

7.1. The administration that has not fulfilled its obligations is liable for losses incurred by the User in connection with the unlawful use of personal data, in accordance with the legislation of the Russian Federation, with the exception of cases provided for in cl. 5.2., 5.3. and 7.2. of this Privacy Policy.

7.2. In case of loss or disclosure of Confidential Information, the Administration is not responsible if this confidential information:

7.2.1. Became public domain before its loss or disclosure.

7.2.2. Was received from a third party prior to its receipt by the Resource Administration.

7.2.3. Was disclosed with the consent of the User.

7.3. The user is fully responsible for compliance with the requirements of the legislation of the Russian Federation, including the laws on advertising, on the protection of copyright and related rights, on the protection of trademarks and service marks, but not limited to the above, including full responsibility for the content and form of materials.

7.4. The user acknowledges that responsibility for any information (including, but not limited to: data files, texts, etc.), to which he can have access as part of the COSMETOLOGY TEL-AVIV website, is borne by the person who provided such information .

7.5. The User agrees that the information provided to him as part of the COSMETOLOGY TEL-AVIV website may be an object of intellectual property, the rights to which are reserved and belong to other Users, partners or advertisers who post such information on the COSMETOLOGY TEL-AVIV website.

The User is not entitled to make changes, lease, transfer on a loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on such Content (in whole or in part), unless such actions were expressly authorized in writing by the owners of such Content subject to a separate agreement.

7.6. In relation to text materials (articles, publications that are freely available to the public on the COSMETOLOGY TEL-AVIV website), their distribution is allowed, provided that a link to COSMETOLOGY TEL-AVIV is given.

7.7. The Administration is not liable to the User for any loss or damage incurred by the User as a result of deletion, failure or inability to save any Content and other communication data contained on the COSMETOLOGY TEL-AVIV website or transmitted through it.

7.8. The administration is not responsible for any direct or indirect losses incurred due to: use or inability to use the site or individual services; unauthorized access to the communications of the User; statements or behavior of any third party on the site.

7.9. The administration is not responsible for any information posted by the user on the COSMETOLOGY TEL-AVIV website, including but not limited to: information protected by copyright, without the express consent of the copyright owner.


8. Dispute Resolution

8.1. Before going to court with a claim for disputes arising from the relationship between the User and the Administration, it is mandatory to submit a claim (a written proposal or an electronic proposal for a voluntary settlement of the dispute).

8.2. The recipient of the claim within 30 calendar days from the date of receipt of the claim, in writing or in electronic form, notifies the applicant of the claim about the results of the consideration of the claim.

8.3. If an agreement is not reached, the dispute will be referred to the Tel Aviv Arbitration Court.

8.4. The current legislation of the Russian Federation applies to this Privacy Policy and the relationship between the User and the Administration.


9. Additional terms

9.1. The administration has the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy without the consent of the User.

9.2. The new Privacy Policy comes into force from the moment it is posted on the COSMETOLOGY TEL-AVIV website, unless otherwise provided by the new edition of the Privacy Policy.

9.3. Any suggestions or questions regarding this Privacy Policy should be reported to: info@cosmetologytelaviv.com

9.4. The current Privacy Policy is posted on the page at: https://cosmetologytelaviv.com/en/privacy-policy


Updated: 12.09.2023